just a minute we'll be doctor Beach
at the end of the hockey season most of
the Vancouver Canucks fly home for an
offseason of R&R and training for
September but this summer Chris Higgins
opted to stay and see all that his
adopted hometown has to offer
I've always wanted to try it out here
and just just experience it and take in
you know some of the places that aren't
that aren't close to downtown it's tough
to get away during the season to you
know take day trips or a weekend trip
somewhere so it's nice to you know get
your work done in the summer and during
the week and then be able to you know
have the opportunity to go some but I'm
looking forward to my girlfriend
chantels from out here so it seems you
have a nice guided tour from from her at
least we've been a bunch of beaches
which were really nice out here I didn't
think that was something BC had was was
a nice beaches but I've been some really
good ones
it always Stanley Park is an easy one
right from downtown to I took my family
there when they came out for Christmas a
couple years ago and you know they loved
it they fell in love in the city and you
know they're looking forward to you know
future trips back here a short flight up
how sound and the couple touches down at
furry Creek the native Long Islander
comparing two very different
environments it's different obviously
you know the Pacific Northwest has kinda
has its own I don't feel to it obviously
it's as you know get this and in Long
Island not too many mountains in Long
Island I think this is more maybe
aesthetically pleasing you know to be at
a beauty Beach and be at the you know
Pacific Ocean and you know see mountains
and you know everything else around
around around the city at it's gonna be
unique places to be playing here and to
spend time here and now they do spend
the summer here makes you appreciate how
nice this place really is